in case you're thinking about having a
kid anytime soon I want you to listen to
this story a judge in New York yesterday
ruled in favor of mom and dad who could
not get their thirty year old son to
move out of their house for years they
tried to get him to go they sent him
five eviction notices they gave him
money to move somewhere else but he
refused he wanted to stay in the house
and I got to the point where they had to
take him to court where he continued he
went to court to challenge them he made
all kinds of arguments he claimed they
didn't give him enough notice he wanted
six months notice he claimed this was
the nature of their arrangement and
after hearing all of it the judge said
you're out you're out of the house and
sent him on a sleepover now he wasn't
happy about the decision he's planning
to appeal and this is what Michael had
to say for himself after the proceedings
it seems to me like I should be provided
you know like 30 days or so because
generally you get 30 days after you're
found you know that you have to vacate
the premises
so I'm expecting something like that but
realistically if somehow that's not the
case I don't know but you know really
the reason I had you guys all come over
here like this is because you didn't
read my case and he ignored it so I mean
I guess
so you plan to appeal in this case well
I do plan to appeal it but I'm wondering
and only just how it sounded it sounded
like you said you need to vacate today
it sounded kind of like that too but
that's just noise ridiculous tell me get
that kid to apartment in the scrunchie
for God's sake he's going on
started the story about an eviction and
it turned into a commercial for perc so
in addition to moving out Michael's
parents would like him to get a job and
you know now that this story comes up
immediately when you google his name I'm
sure that'll be no problem at all oh
you're the guy whose parents had to
assume to get him out of the house
welcome aboard
great to have you here mo how old were
you when you moved out of the house 19
19 years old I was 19 years old too so I
thought this might be an interesting
question after this Avenue we went on
the street we asked people do you still
live with your parents the way this
works is we're gonna see individuals
introduce themselves on camera and based
solely on those intros we as a group
will have to guess if they still live at
home with mom and dad or not so you got
it let's meet our first pedestrian
Martin from Lumbees Martin do you still
live with your parents alright does
Martin from Long Beach
[Applause]
shockingly most of the audience is
saying no let's find out no I don't I
[Applause]
don't know if I believe him but we'll
take his word for it max I'm James
Haywood and I'm from Phoenix but I
actually live in Hollywood right now
okay yeah explains the accent yes it's a
very Phoenician accent do you still live
with your parents
does James live with his parents mostly
auntie says know why cuz he's British
and we figured they're too classy for
that alright well let's let's find out
yeah of course how else are they gonna
watch the royal wedding together in the
middle of the night
alright who do we have next hi I'm Nate
from Long Beach California
Nate do you still live with your parents
how about Nate from Long Beach couple
knows vast majority say yes is Nate
still dwelling in his parents basement
yes
I want to get away how old are you 30
you want
31 years the math checks out all right
we have a couple more he meant to Daryl
from TV you bet
do you still live with your parents all
right what do you say does a vet still
another bird
there's a surprising number of yeses
let's see no why did you move out 18
interesting fact her parents were bowed
Eric and the guy from Twisted Sister
[Applause]
mark diamond I'm from Spanaway
Washington mark do you still live with
your parents how do we feel a lot more
yes all right the answer is yes I do
[Music]
[Applause]
your mom for letting you live with her
well yeah thank you mom okay that's very
sick some kids you never want to let go
[Applause]
doesn't have to wind up in court there
are a number of resources that for
families like yours mark I want you to
pay close attention to this because I
think this organization may be able to
help did you know in America there are
thousands of children over the age of 30
just waiting to be adopted none of the
hassles of preschooler heartache of
potty training adopt a fully grown human
male for just $1,400 a month you can
adopt a 30 year old boy like Phil here
ah
he has no discernible skills has never
held a job and he will never leave you
no way if you would like to adopt a 30
year old call the number on your screen
now hey are you getting at Ella
I'm allergic to peanut butter every
adopt adult comes with his own xbox and
sword collection adopted aunts also come
with a 100% lifetime guarantee to never
go outside I might just take this one
home with me awesome bad Ryan no
touching adopt adult don't make us put
them to sleep
I love to sleep
[Music]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel click below to
subscribe to our youtube channel or if
you want to be that way about it though